README.md, before:

# crw-multicluster-redirector project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `crw-multicluster-redirector-0.0.1-runner.jar` file in the `/target` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/lib` directory.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/crw-multicluster-redirector-0.0.1-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/crw-multicluster-redirector-0.0.1-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.html.

# RESTEasy JAX-RS

<p>A Hello World RESTEasy resource</p>

Guide: https://quarkus.io/guides/rest-json

Commit message:

Adding the build image instructions and a note a README about the images available on quay.io
Signed-off-by: Ilya Buziuk <ibuziuk@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# crw-multicluster-redirector project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `crw-multicluster-redirector-0.0.1-runner.jar` file in the `/target` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/lib` directory.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/crw-multicluster-redirector-0.0.1-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/crw-multicluster-redirector-0.0.1-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.html.

## Creating the Image

```shell script
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.container-image.push=true
```

The list of released images is available on [quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/ibuziuk/crw-multicluster-redirector?tab=tags)

# RESTEasy JAX-RS

<p>A Hello World RESTEasy resource</p>

Guide: https://quarkus.io/guides/rest-json
